## Overview
The golftracker creates a simplified model of a golf swing by extracing relevant information from the video.

## Terminology
 ### FrameDir
 This is a directory where the frames from a video are stored and processed.

 ### Tracker
 Object that stores the x and y coordinate of the interesting point in the frame. 
 Bulk of the tracker are generated by mediapiple with the following class name.
 
 ```
 Nose, LeftEyeInner, LeftEye, LeftEyeOuter, RightEyeInner, RightEye, RightEyeOuter, 
 LeftEar, RightEar, MouthLeft, MouthRight, LeftShoulder, RightShoulder, LeftElbow, RightElbow, LeftWrist, RightWrist, LeftPinky, RightPinky, LeftIndex, RightIndex, LeftThumb, RightThumb, 
 LeftHip, RightHip, LeftKnee, RightKnee, LeftAnkle, RightAnkle, LeftHeel, RightHeel, 
 LeftFootIndex, RightFootIndex
```

Some of the trackers by cv2 have the following class name.

```
ClubGrip, ClubToe, ClubHeel
```

Each of the tracker has a "add_" method that will create the tracker and add it to an associative array.

 ### Trackers
This is a associative array that stores the reference to the tracker object. The key is the snakecase repr of the class name of the tracker. 

### Json File
Json file are a json repsentation of the trackers associative array.


## Control Flow
The package works on each frame of the video. It follows the following sequence.

1. Split the incoming video file into frames stored in a framedir.
 * The default frame dir is the name of the video file without the suffix.
 * The name of each frame is "frame_N.png". For easy sorting the numbers are left aligned.

2. Runs the google media pipe to create the first set of json files, one for each frame.
 * The name of the output json file is "frame_N_mp.json"

3. Read the json tracker and use the LeftWrist and RightWrist to do object detection of the club.
 * The name of the output json file is "frame_N_gd.json"

4. Merge the json files to produce the final json file for each frame.
 * The name of the output json file "frame_N.json"

5. Create new frames using the final json files. 
 * The name of the new frames are "out_N.png"

6. Merge the frames to create the new video file.

 * By default the regex "out_.*" will select all the output frames.
 * The name of the new video file is specified by the user.
